[Music]
hi guys and welcome back to another
video if you are new here
my name is Olivia Java in today's video
as you can see by the title it is going
to be 24 hours of eating what the person
in front of me orders I've seen so many
of these on YouTube at the moment I
haven't actually seen that many people
in the UK doing them I've got a few
messages from you guys asking to do this
challenge and I thought it'd be really
fun to be honest it's so good to be back
on usually I'm literally so excited
right now because I finally finished uni
that has been such a long-winded thing I
have my last exam last week and I've
been wanting to do this video for about
two and half weeks now so I'm so happy
to we came around to doing it now I'll
be posting a lot more frequently and I'm
gonna try to get as many videos out as I
can and it's just like overall so
exciting right now and thank you so much
for very bond with me like through my
exam time and also just for all your
like lovely supported messages which I
really appreciate it I'm just gonna get
straight into it I'm going to start with
the McDonald's drive-through so this is
just what I'm going for I've just got my
gym we're on at the moment so on the way
do like McDonald's breakfast but I just
don't think that is right sometimes if
you see Mike McDonald to try try try
just about me it is half 9:00 so
obviously plenty of time to get the
breakfast menu don't know where I'm
gonna go for lunch or dinner yet but I
definitely fancy maybe in Nando's today
at some form this could go a few a few
ways I could either have like being look
I haven't been quite lucky lately give
out positive energy that I'm hoping for
something my tripod is a bit broken I
think it's from balancing it like three
legs like flopping it just flapping in
the wind and we're gonna let me go hello
actually no it's quite busy maybe I'm
just gonna Park up an end or neutral
senses yeah like there's one little car
going to it and I can it looks like a
small person and I don't gonna go behind
them Oh actually got butterflies now no
got this for a challenge maybe because
I'm out completely not out of control
maybe I think I need to press one with
sa so we're driving right now probably
just see the middle of a car park about
to go into reverse into a bin so I'm
just gonna wait here's the McDonald's
I'm just gonna wait until I see a good
Carver and cinch I am just parked here
and I'm just waiting for you know
interesting car to come really much if I
don't really mind that like stuff like
this because I guess it's left them in
the comfort of my own car as well I
think doing this guy needs to store oh
my god be like these can I have what the
person ordered before I just think kind
of stalkerish might going like the
they're the drive-thru film replay is he
check out who a was right oh oh this
it's promising we actually achieved all
because I don't know miss the breakfast
no everyone's just going into the car
park I'm getting a bit hot hot I'm just
right we've got someone we've got
right I'm gonna go I'm just going to go
something at propellant oh I just gotta
sorry if it's noisy so he's just waiting
to take his order but it was like a free
lane next to me I'm right behind him
yonas relay left and back I said Marcus
hi and please don't exactly what the the
guy before me ordered please yeah yep
actually want to be used to it or
something thank you but I love and I've
done people that we just don't bat night
no thanks sorry if they're in the
capture point of it thank you in this
car park no one can hit my car door
actually because his own skates right so
I've got my order I'm actually so happy
he couldn't have gone any better really
like I've got a lot I don't usually eat
drink laughter don't always get a
cappuccino or like a flat white or
something because I find dairy just
makes my skin go crazy
look she got the canova sweat on right
now hash brown double sausage and egg
McMuffin I'm gonna start with that I
also got some ketchup or is he really
salty
should have got watered what I feel
really I'm so bad for like looking at
people and obviously I haven't actually
got blackout windows in my car but you'd
have thought the way I look at people
you'd have thought I did like I feel
like people can't see me when I'm in my
car or like it's such like a little
comfort zone isn't it when in reality Oh
tomato ketchup all over the floor right
hang and lethal here right now
look over here
I've not had a double warm before look
about that is obese hmm quite nice but
really quite dry they don't butcher that
Brad Danny I don't think him at all
also I'm judging that guy he didn't get
any sauce just dry double so much meat
no sauce I do think though I do prefer
the bagels or the wraps but I must admit
I don't know I don't think it's that
necessary to have like so much meat I
think ones enough but you know whatever
floats your boat I would struggle to eat
this without too much to catch up at I
get my head around that
honestly I don't forget to give this
video and like and subscribe to my
channel guys really helps me out
this is really yummy I'm caught who is
still that is that Dora
breakfast is always easy and start using
it I wondering like my life sort of
challenges that always that is
definitely what Super Bowl
yeah that's not that nice it's just like
politics like milk doesn't mean you can
taste the coffee alright think an iced
latte with it being such a nice day and
like pop home and then I've got a few
errands too and I need to pop into
Danone to take this lampshade back and
just a few bits and bobs and then I'm
gonna get to the gym
I'll take squeeze me I think we want to
go through a leg workout also let me
know if you want what other types of
videos you want to see I do you know how
much you like these kind of food video
notice that I got some a sketch from the
floor and then just went to step out the
car and what and why am I like this
seriously so just got to the gym
obviously having left of my coffee as
pre-workout I'm actually so thankful
right now but I've got a coffee because
it's leg day and yeah and in the best
mood ever
life is good highlighter on flea
[Music]
it's so so warm today so I've been I've
just got showered got ready again I had
such a good workout like the legs I let
you show him right now and I did some
work and I also finished editing my
seychelles blog which will be live now
by the time you see this video I
literally spent so much time editing
today I'm really happy with hopefully
how it'll turn out and it was just such
an amazing trip so definitely check that
out so now I'm gonna go for my lunch
it's actually quite late on but I was
quite full from that breakfast to be
fair it's at 20 past 2:00 so I'm gonna
drive over I've got some stuff to take
back near the Trafford Centre in
Manchester there is a drive-through
Krispy Kreme and there's also Starbucks
next dogs I can't think of anything this
not drive-through and ideally I want to
stick to drive-through just because I
just in kulluk way too much of a stalker
but I'll to see how we go and then mace
and I gonna go out for dinner tonight so
I'll do the same thing then I felt a bit
sluggish to him and work out and that
was that relative to like the McDonald's
breakfast that I had eating like crap
all day long does make you feel like not
the best on the inside more than
anything like it always obviously it's
not gonna do any damage wouldn't eat in
one day of crap but for me I just feel
that gross it's like summer today and me
being typically British and of course
address not address accord thing on like
their arms I pulled up to the Krispy
Kreme Doughnuts
and I actually never noticed that they
had a drive to I have been in here once
before they literally I haven't seen
anyone go through it I think this is the
kind of place that you you get stuff in
book but no I'm just buyers like one or
two down and its people are actually
this guy's just correct drive through
he's just like a single man not single
man but a man on his own oh no a man in
his wife by the looks of things they
they looked quite civil and I can't
imagine them going all out in Krispy
Kreme and they're very quick so I didn't
know that I thought they were parked
back there so I'm gonna go in so it's
really quite warm today to like
I don't really fancy donut in this
weather for more things like an ice
cream or like an iced latte I have ever
got some really nice cream shape hi and
please can I have what the person before
ordered I have em what the person before
ordered please - the milkshake is all
right
and yeah that's fine yeah exact same
order okay and they milkshake as well
yes please
alright I everything yes thank you oh
sorry
just checking apologies - no no no no no
alright okay thank you
my contact right now
Oh
starting tonight
shake is that okay yeah that's fine
how's it go thank you so much see you
later oh yeah you see I'm officially
aquas person in the world I just drove
off without this basically Wow look at
that doing that sorry we've ended up
with three donors and this some form of
strawberry milkshake not actually I
wouldn't pick strawberries sort of
chocolatey birth this isn't a bad choice
that I'm glad it's not hot drink really
you know in that kind of day I mean it's
okay but so so sweet like that's just
like pure sugar batteries time as well
and then Krispy Kreme in forever
look at that or I'm dead right first
bite mmm
this got that is really nice hi guys
I had such a dilemma then so my camera
battery died when I was like mid bite
through my doughnut and I was actually
really hungry so I've had to drive home
and like it was really warm in the car
so like my milkshake was melting and my
donut is probably going to soggy and
everything but but yeah I've long waited
to finish off my doughnut and you know I
said only how it didn't have filling oh
yes it did
see they've been in my warm car I've
never driven so fast to get home so I
could either because I could probably
I've had to wait for my camera childhood
probably could have just used my phone
but I just I didn't know if it like cuts
the cord I think this one might be
something to do nuts
yeah no I'm gonna go to Nando's now I
[Music]
would know a plain doughnut don't you or
whether anything was Donuts is they hope
they fill you up for about two seconds
make you feel that's it no no no I feel
a bit sick actually I had that milkshake
too but I do want some like proper food
to fare so Nintendo's so just in our way
to Nando's I had fished the doughnuts
isn't it we attack Donuts always make
you guys so I'll make me feel so stodgy
like straight away it's as if a just
develop like this little good bloke
instantly it's an Omani variate some
prophecies are actually quite looking
forward to none knows and I'm really
quite hungry in our life don't feel like
I've eaten that much proper stuff today
I think I'm eating like junk and
McDonald's and donuts it just didn't
feel I had such a good workout earlier
just waddling down to just have my dad
ring me up Dasia our vlogs went up the
vlogs blog went up tonight and my dad's
trying me and said maybe he can't post
that bio any man it's already been
posted God no one's gonna be in there to
order in front of me oh I didn't mean to
point at that man
[Music]
as well
got dr. peppers diet the guy I already
didn't and she an order a drink
so quiet so I think these are chicken
thighs and this is summer I don't even
know that is mixed grain
[Music]
please
please try
[Music]
No
[Applause]
into door what's the most mistress you
can thing I think I've ever seen so
overall that change is actually been
really fun I catch that I've really
enjoyed doing that surprisingly it was a
bit uncomfortable at times and then
under had just eight wouldn't have been
my choice it's like super grain with
like just greasy mayo basically on top
definitely wouldn't be my main choice
yeah I don't know what doughnuts never
make me feel great it's so enjoyable at
the time but I just feel like my belly
just just blows so quickly after them I
really hope you enjoyed this video and
the workout do give this video a big
thumbs up and let me know what you'd
like to see next in the comments below
and also don't forget to subscribe to my
channel and I'll see you guys in the
next video